Question 1: Introduce yourself/Tell me about yourself?

I am dhiraj garad from latur maharashtra, i graduted in bachlor of arts in 2021 from ycmou collage nashik
during my graduation i also works for amazon as a personal associate from their i thought that how this amazon 
business works online and from their i came to knew about web development and i decided to make my carreer 
as a web developer afetr that i came to knew about masai school which offers 30 weeks full time course 
on full stack web development in masai school i got hands on experience to learn frontend and backend technologies
coming to my hobbies i have lesiure intrest in reading hindu scriptures and writing short hindi poems.
about my family my father is farmer and my mother is homemaker.


Question 2" What is your strength and weknesss?

So start with my weakness so first of all i go with rules a lot this sometimes hamper my progress
as i focus more on doing the job with perfection rather than meeting the deadline
however i am learning to ask for help from others to expediate my own works

my second weakness is that my love for programing language has made me nerd and i couldnt keep track
with my health and gain some weight
however i have priortised my health and startde going to gym since last 1 month.


now talking about my strength i am good at multitasking , as during my masai journey the daily
secdhudle was so busy and hectic and i am also takes tution of 5th to 8th standred students.
but still i managed both to perform best in each unit of masai school and complete my masai journey

talking about my second strength that i am hungry to gain knowdlge i have learned so much about
programing during masai journey and also i use youtube as a refrence to gain more knowdlge about
programing
during my construct week project my teammates also appricate my work and i think this is happen
due to my this hungrenss of knowdlge.




question 3 What is your greatest personal/professional achievement so far?

My greatest achievement was paying for college myself. My parents could not afford the tuition fees 
initially for me to attend college, but I knew I wanted to further my education no matter the circumstances.

I made a commitment to myself that I would find a way to finance and pay fees of  college

dusring gradution a started work for amaozn i saved money to pay collage fees  and with this
i graduted from collage.








Which animal/bird would you like to be and why?

The bird I like the most is Hummingbirds. They are small creatures that are indigenous birds of America.

2. Hummingbirds are gifted with the power to observe things that are beyond observable and invisible to the human eye. They have unique flying techniques that enable them to fly in all directions including in a backward motion.

3. They fly too fast and can continue to fly at the same speed for an unimaginable period.




Q.3. If you met the CEO of your company and you both are in the lift. What would
you talk about?


first introduce yourself and tell which department you work for and i will also tell them about my
accomplishment and i will ask them to what advice they could give me to ensure I
continued to be successful in my career  and i will also ask what are some things which i can do to
make help make the company
successful





Q  why should we hired you?
Over the months, I have acquired relevant skills and experience, which is needed to be in your organisation
.
I have given my 100% effort in my past projects, and this has enabled me to recognize my capabilities 
and limitations.

If I channelize them further, they will bring fruitful results to me and also to your esteemed organization.”

Even though I am a fresher, I assure you that I will give my best and work to my full potential so that
 I can contribute as much as I can towards the growth and welfare of this great brand.”







What are your career Objectives? / Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
 In five years, I see myself as a successful software engineer who has benefited the business and 
 achieved my technical goals. I enjoy new challenges and am eager to move up in the company into 
 a specialized role where I can focus on the more technical problems we face and make a real difference.  






Tracxn ?
Tracxn is looking for an experienced and motivated Full Stack professional to be an integral
 part of its Apps team.
Tracxn (www.tracxn.com) is a Bangalore-based product company providing a research and deal 
Strong coding and design skills.
Good command over Data Structures & Algorithms.
The ability to produce bug-free and production-grade code.
Skills we consider: React.JS, Angular.JS, Node.js, Express.JS, MongoDB, etc.

sourcing platform for Venture Capital, Private Equity, Corp Dev, and professionals working 
around the startup ecosystem.
600+ working professionals serving customers across the globe
Skills we consider: React.JS, Angular.JS, Node.js, Express.JS, MongoDB, etc.



Neodove?
NeoDove is a telecalling CRM and sales engagement platform that helps businesses drive better results
 from their sales, marketing and customer engagement efforts
 We are looking for a Full Stack Developer SDE -I, who believes in execution, possesses a 
 challenge-accepted nature, and loves to build great products
 Full Stack Developer SDE -1
 Proficient in Node.Js (must), Angular and React.js development platform. 





